Press release for R8 (draft). (#31)
SovereignCloudStack/release-notes: PR/PR-R8.md

# Press Release R8 (for now a headline is missing)

> **The internet / Global network (is SCS located anywhere?), 2025-04-09: The Sovereign Cloud Stack community publishes Release 8.** 

Author: ```suggestion
**Europe, 2025-04-09: Avoiding risk and achieven Digital Sovereignty with Sovereign Cloud Stack Release 8**
```

For the operational tooling, SCS has also upgraded the registry (which uses harbor) and the container monitoring solution (from dNation) to the latest versions. They have been in production use by the community already for a number of weeks.

[Chose one quote:]

"Within the funded project period, we have built an engine for doing well-tested, predictable releases that our operator partners can use to stay up-to-date with current technology and security improvements. I'm happy to see this engine continues to be maintained and to work well, and to see the community and the technology companies step up with software engineering, resulting in solid release once more." says Kurt Garloff, S7n GmbH, former CTO of the funded SCS project.

> "It's good to have reference implementations of the SCS-Standards evolve to latest technologies and standards. This creates real-world usage of the standards and validates and strengthens them." says Felix Kronlage-Dammers who is heading  the Forum SCS-Standards inside the Open Source Business Alliance (OSBA).

Author: If we chose this quote, @fkr, please ensure this is using your own words.
